NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT (NDA)

This Non-Disclosure Agreement (the "Agreement") is entered into as of October 23, 2023 (the "Effective Date"), by and between:

Disclosing Party: Global Tech Solutions Inc., a Delaware corporation.
Receiving Party: Innovative Designs LLC, a California limited liability company.

1. Definition of Confidential Information. For purposes of this Agreement, "Confidential Information" means any data or information that is proprietary to the Disclosing Party and not generally known to the public, whether in tangible or intangible form, whenever and however disclosed, including, but not limited to: (i) any marketing strategies, plans, financial information, or projections, operations, sales estimates, business plans and performance results relating to the past, present or future business activities of such party; (ii) plans for products or services, and customer or supplier lists; (iii) any scientific or technical information, invention, design, process, procedure, formula, or improvement, as well as any samples, models, specifications, or blueprints; and (iv) any concepts, reports, data, know-how, works-in-progress, designs, development tools, specifications, computer software, source code, object code, flow charts, databases, inventions, information and trade secrets.

2. Obligations of Receiving Party. The Receiving Party shall hold and maintain the Confidential Information in strictest confidence for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Disclosing Party. The Receiving Party shall carefully restrict access to Confidential Information to employees, contractors, and third parties as is reasonably required and shall require those persons to sign nondisclosure restrictions at least as protective as those in this Agreement.

3. Time Period. This Agreement shall remain in effect for a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date.

4. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.

5. Indemnification. The Receiving Party agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Disclosing Party from any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, expenses and costs (including attorneys' fees and court costs) which result from a breach of this Agreement by the Receiving Party.
